### THE COWORKING SOCIETY MEMBERS’ USER AGREEMENT

This is a User Agreement is between the COWORKING SOCIETY LLC (“CSLLC”) and a
Member of the Coworking Society Community (henceforward “Member”). This
agreement specifically pertains to the use of the Coworking Society’s space at
118 S. Main St., Ann Arbor, MI 48104 (“Workantile”), and its Events, to which
any Member might bring Guests.

THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE UPDATED PERIODICALLY BY CSLLC. EACH MEMBER
WILL BE NOTIFIED OF THESE CHANGES MORE THAN ONE BILLING CYCLE BEFORE THEY GO
INTO EFFECT, AND CAN EITHER 1) SIGN THEM ELECTRONICALLY WHEN THEY GO INTO
EFFECT, OR 2) CHOOSE TO TERMINATE ONGOING MEMBERSHIP IF THEY SO WISH. BARRING
OUTRAGEOUS CIRCUMSTANCES, THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE MODIFIED MORE THAN ONCE
PER CALENDAR QUARTER

### AGREEMENT

Member is permitted access (corresponding to his/her membership level; please
see MEMBERSHIP SPECIFICS below) to the Workantile space for the purposes of:

  * Gathering socially with other Members and their Guests
  * Conducting business, including meeting with limited numbers of Guests consistent with the [Expectations of Members](http://workantile.com/member-expectations/)
  * Hosting private or public Events and meetings consistent with the [Expectations of Members](http://workantile.com/member-expectations/)
  * Reserving conference/phone rooms
  * Accessing the Internet via wifi or wired Ethernet
  * Using the kitchen and bathroom
  * 24x7 access to these community resources (corresponding to his/her membership level)

Members are solely responsible for loss of and/or damage to their equipment
and belongings. Aside from snacks provided by Workantile, all food and drink
(including food at parties, lunches, beverages, etc.) consumed socially on the
premises is considered to be offered by one Member or Guest to another, and is
not in any way warranted or monitored by the CSLLC itself. Each Member agrees
to indemnify and hold CSLLC harmless from and against all liability of every
kind and nature arising out of food and drink provided by such Member to
Guests and other Members.

Prior to signing this agreement, Member must present a valid credit card or
arrange for EFT (electronic funds transfer) to cover monthly membership dues,
which will be charged membership dues each month (corresponding to his/her
membership level). Prepayment is not permitted. Cases in which automated
payment is denied by the card issuer will be re-billed immediately after
notifying the Member, and a third failure will terminate Member’s rights under
this agreement.

Members may terminate their membership at any time. Members must notify CSLLC
of termination five or more days before the end of the month or they will be
billed for the following month.

Members whose membership is terminated by the CSLLC will have their current
month’s dues refunded. All outgoing Members are asked to do the following
within 2 weeks:

  1. Return their RFID or physical key (if any)
  2. Return their Workantile AATA bus pass (this is a condition of our contract with AATA; after 2 weeks the pass must be recovered or deactivated)
  3. Empty their locker (any items remaining after 2 weeks will be donated to a charitable organization)
  4. File a change of address with the USPS (any mail arriving after 2 weeks will be returned to sender)

Members who terminate their membership must wait at least six (6) months
before re-applying and must complete a new [Trial
Membership](http://workantile.squarespace.com/start-your-trial-week/).

Circumstances that will result in the CSLLC terminating membership:

  * Abusive behavior or any behavior inconsistent with the [Expectations of Members](http://workantile.com/member-expectations/)—which may be revised from time to time
  * Behavior that the CSLLC reasonably believes will result in harm to any Member, Guest, or other
  * Substantial complaints from other Members or Guests
  * Independent decision of CSLLC based on economic or other circumstances

CSLCC shall have absolute discretion in determining whether a Membership
should be terminated.

Member may also change their level of membership. Members must notify CSLLC of
a change of membership level five or more days before the end of the month in
order for the change to take effect in the following month.

### DAY PASSES

  * Day Pass: 
    * One-time charge of $35
    * Can access the Workantile for one day (including all Internal Events)
    * **Cannot** reserve conference/phone rooms, receive mail, bring Guests, or host any Events
    * _Note:_ Day Pass Use “enrolls” the User in our system; Day Pass Users will not need to refile this agreement with each Day Pass purchase. 

### MEMBERSHIP SPECIFICS

(please choose one that applies to you)

  * Full Member:

    * $210/month
    * Unlimited 24x7 access to Workantile
    * Receives 1 RFID key for Workantile electronic door system (additional or replacement RFID keys are $5 each)
    * Can host and organize 1 External Event and several Internal Events per month
    * Can receive mail at Workantile (see note)
  * Affiliate Member:

    * $80/month (includes 4 day passes per month; day passes expire at 11:59pm on the day they are used)
    * Can attend “All Members Day” without using a day pass
    * Additional day passes are $20/day.
    * Receives 1 RFID key for Workantile electronic door system (additional or replacement RFID keys are $5 each)
    * Can attend all Internal Events without using a day pass (including communal Tasks like Cleaning Day)
    * CANNOT receive mail or host External Events
  * All Full and Affiliate members:

    * Can reserve conference room and phone room in advance
    * Can obtain an AATA bus pass as part of the [getDowntown initiative](http://www.getdowntown.org/bus/gopass/index.html) at the cost set by getDowntown (reevaluated each August; currently $15)
    * Can bring Guests to Workantile
    * Shall consistently contribute work to Workantile Tasks as posted at Workantile from time to time
  * Supporting Member:

    * $25/month
    * Can attend “All Members Day” without purchasing a Day Pass
    * Full or Affiliate members who become Supporting members can rejoin as a Full or Affiliate member at any time without the six-month wait or [re-applying](http://workantile.squarespace.com/start-your-trial-week/)
    * Can attend all Internal Events without using a Day Pass (including communal Tasks like Cleaning Day)
    * CANNOT receive mail or host Events

**A NOTE ON RECEIVING MAIL** CSLLC strongly urges members _NOT TO USE_ Workantile as their business address of record. The USPS and other public entities have proven severely challenged in properly updating their records for business addresses, much to the enduring annoyance of members and former members alike.

v2.1 (2012-07-03) [WAT]

  * converted to Markdown
  * corrected typos
  * linked to web version of Expectations document

v2.1 (2012-03-23) [DEN]

  * posted on Web

v.2.2 (2012-09-08) [TWB]

  * updated fee schedule

v.2.3 (2014-09-04) [DEN]

  * updated language to reflect facility/billing improvements
  * clarified application/termination
  * clarified membership levels
  * a note on mail

v.2.4 (2016-05-23) [TWB]

  * updated fee schedule to reflect current memebership fees
  * membership termination notice changed from 30 days to 5 days
  * put things to apply to both full and affiliate members in its own section
  * removed “get out of tasks” pass
  * removed “permanent desk” option
  * affiliate members can reserve phone and conference rooms in advance
  * fixed typos
